well they are 200 over Envy today I'm
joined right now by bar across from TSM
by o frost you know enemy's been looking
good the split or at least better
significantly better did you expect to
end up playing them in the manner that
you did I definitely didn't expect game
one to go like that I expected both
games to go more like how it did in Game
two because any they've been looking
pretty good over the past couple of
weeks ever since they change their mid
laner and I think they've been gaining
like a lot of traction so I'm just
excited to play them yeah and what did
you think of them now that you played
them I think honestly they're pretty
good I think game 1 they just weren't
really playing to their strengths and
scheme to was like more of how they play
they're like play really aggressively
they like to make TV plays and I think
it works out better for them a lot and
they're good at capitalizing on other
people's mistakes
how are things going for TSM because you
guys did have a bit of a rocky start
yeah I think initially TSM we had like
some issues with the comps that we were
playing and it was kind of like trying
to find out what style fits us the best
you know Swift fishing or like maybe a
pressure comp and it's just being able
to play like a different variety of
comps really helps you at least in the
tikkun bad phase as well as
internationally so trying to build up on
like the styles that we can play is
definitely important for us as in the
work yeah yeah I mean is it Peter kind
of applied that and my interview with
them yesterday that a lot of what you
guys are doing now is not super focusing
on we have to win this match today but
we have to learn from this match today
hopefully win it but also better prepare
ourselves for worlds do you agree with
that yeah I definitely agree with that
because if you looked at last summer
where we like pretty much went 17 and
won and we were like won every game like
pretty decisively it's it's nice to win
a lot of course and be like really
dominate in what for America but as an
organization of course we want to
perform well internationally so if we
can take a couple losses but learn a lot
for them I think that's going to be a
lot more valuable in the long run so
we're trying to put down the foundation
right now so that we can perform better
what is it like now three weeks in
having Peter back on Team
I think a synergy wise we definitely are
still like really good and it's just
about finding like the right team plays
to do playing the seesaw well as well as
you know just being able to execute on
plays that we envision and I think
honestly it's going at like a pretty
good trajectory right now and hopefully
will become even better by playoffs yeah
I asked Peter this question yesterday
but I kind of want your take on it
you know while he was off from the team
there was a situation where you know
hunter kind took over so much this this
role of like the carry or the paper the
person that's really getting a lot of
the resources and attention of the
jungle etc you know that was kind of
previously the role that Peter had on
the team so you know TSM kind of
switched to this very top plane focused
team now that he's back is there kind of
a weird you know where do you balance or
were you focused is it is it kind of
weird is it was that what the first
couple weeks were yeah I think there's
definitely still like a bit of a
transition period through that because
we have to get you know some games like
yesterday where we didn't really get any
jungle attention and we're playing like
a losing matchup we need to play a lot
safer and be able to play to topside and
I think being able to play to both law
and top like really effectively it will
be important for us to win games and be
able to snowball off of our games
because if we play that really well and
execute on it it means that the enemy
team will be getting as much on the
other side and don't mean that we have a
lot cleaner games overall I saw a very
me me video that LCS made yesterday
you know normally Yahoo eSports would've
made those videos but now seems like
riots picking up the banner and in it
you and Peter were playing a game where
you had tell each other jokes and try
not to laugh can you explain a little
bit of the context how did this come
about well I don't know right just was
like okay you guys want to do this and
I'm like sure I didn't even know about
it until like five minutes before it
after like LCS one day yeah this is
after LCS and to tell you a little bit
history about my experience at these
types of things i watch a lot of these
like videos where you try not to laugh
and I've always wanted to do this where
we both tried not to laugh but it's it I
do it more like with videos like funny
videos
I never did like puns or jokes and these
jokes were gone awful so I think because
they're god-awful it was like funny in
that sense and yeah here was so that I
just like style zone so yeah he's not
he's not very good at these things
did you brag about it afterwards yeah I
mean in my heart I knew I was going to
win even before I went into the mess so
I was already bragging about it and I
mean they see me laugh at like the most
randomness things but when I get down to
it I can you know keep a mean face I'm
curious about how you feel about the
Vincent that is here today versus
Vincent from a year ago or so because I
remember I met you kind of quiet kind of
shy kind of figuring stuff out
etc now I feel like you're just this
like super out there you're like manly
you're saying all these things you're
memeing you're putting all this stuff on
Twitter I mean how much have you changed
in the past year
okay I've changed a bit of course I
think I'm still pretty shy but it's just
about being comfortable if like my
environment I think initially when I
came in to LCS I was like wow this is
all so new and I was just really excited
to be there and be part of the
experience and now I'm like more used to
it's been like a year I wouldn't call
myself a veteran but I'm definitely
becoming more accustomed to I guess the
LCS life as well as just like going in
and day out practicing like 10 hours a
day and being able to play at my level
every week at the LCS and be able to
perform in front of like thousands of
people so it's the grind but you know I
like it you're going back to Anime Expo
is here I love that in me and I guess
I'll go I'm still down to go to any like
anime related things I did go to e3 I
didn't get to experience any of the I
guess the boosts but I went there and no
super crowd and I kind of liked it
pretty good
well I'm sure we'll go to Anime Expo
together because last year we went drove
you guys it was fun hopefully we'll have
your time there got a lot of free time
you know so I can I can afford to do
something like that now yeah it'll be
good is there anything that you want to
say to any of the fans thank you for
supporting us I see that every time but
I can never say enough
and hopefully we play better and you
guys will catch us in the upcoming weeks
we're good thank you so much Vincent for
the interview for everyone else I'm
right here that's my video this is what
my life is now
hey this isn't twitch and it's not live
so I can't throw your name up right over
on the side but if you do want to
support me you can still do so over at
Travis CARICOM slash support